_boards/evkmimxrt595/lvgl_examples/lvgl_examples_readme.md, before:

Hardware requirements
===================
- Micro USB cable
- TFT Proto 5" CAPACITIVE board HW REV 1.01 by Mikroelektronika. (Named as SSD1963 panel in project. Not necessary if use MIPI panel)
- EVK-MIMXRT595
- Personal Computer
- RK055AHD091 MIPI panel (Not necessary if use other panel)
- RK055MHD091 MIPI panel (Not necessary if use other panel)
- RM67162 smart MIPI panel (Not necessary if use other panel)

Board settings
============
To use SSD1963 panel:
Connect SSD1963 panel to J43. Touch capability is enabled.

To use MIPI panel:
Connect MIPI panel to J44. Touch capability is enabled.

Prepare the Demo
===============
1.  Connect a USB cable between the host PC and the OpenSDA USB port on the target board.
2.  Open a serial terminal with the following settings:
    - 115200 baud rate
    - 8 data bits
    - No parity
    - One stop bit
    - No flow control
3.  Download the program to the target board.
4.  Either press the reset button on your board or launch the debugger in your IDE to begin running the demo.

Select the panel
================
RK055MHD091 MIPI panel is used by default, follow the steps to configure the sw to support different panel.

When Kconfig is used
-------------
Select the panel in Kconfig "Panel Selection".

When Package is used
-------------
Modify `DEMO_PANEL` in mcux_config.h.
`#define DEMO_PANEL 0` for "MikroE TFT Proto 5" CAPACITIVE FlexIO panel.
`#define DEMO_PANEL 1` for "RK055HDMIPI4M" MIPI Rectangular panel.
`#define DEMO_PANEL 3` for "G1120B0MIPI" MIPI Circular panel.
`#define DEMO_PANEL 4` for "RK055MHD091A0-CTG MIPI Rectangular panel.(default)

To use DBI panels: SSD1963 and RM67162, below change is needed:
```
#define CONFIG_LV_USE_PRIVATE_API 1
```

Running the demo
===============
If this example runs correctly, the sample GUI is displayed.
NOTE: As the example is designed for rectangle display, if you use RM67162 circular panel, the content at the
corners will not be seen.

Commit message:

[MCUX-73907]Disabled VGLITE on evkmimxrt595
- Because of the alignment mismatch issue, we decide to disable vglite
  on RT595 platform
- Related information has been updated into readme
- Added known issue and workaround in lvgl read.md

Signed-off-by: RuoshanShi <ruoshan.shi@nxp.com>

_boards/evkmimxrt595/lvgl_examples/lvgl_examples_readme.md, after:

Hardware requirements
===================
- Micro USB cable
- TFT Proto 5" CAPACITIVE board HW REV 1.01 by Mikroelektronika. (Named as SSD1963 panel in project. Not necessary if use MIPI panel)
- EVK-MIMXRT595
- Personal Computer
- RK055AHD091 MIPI panel (Not necessary if use other panel)
- RK055MHD091 MIPI panel (Not necessary if use other panel)
- RM67162 smart MIPI panel (Not necessary if use other panel)

Board settings
============
To use SSD1963 panel:
Connect SSD1963 panel to J43. Touch capability is enabled.

To use MIPI panel:
Connect MIPI panel to J44. Touch capability is enabled.

Prepare the Demo
===============
1.  Connect a USB cable between the host PC and the OpenSDA USB port on the target board.
2.  Open a serial terminal with the following settings:
    - 115200 baud rate
    - 8 data bits
    - No parity
    - One stop bit
    - No flow control
3.  Download the program to the target board.
4.  Either press the reset button on your board or launch the debugger in your IDE to begin running the demo.

Select the panel
================
RK055MHD091 MIPI panel is used by default, follow the steps to configure the sw to support different panel.

Tips: In the 24.12.00 release, due to alignment mismatch issues, we decided to disable VGLITE on the evkmimxrt595 platform to support the LVGL functionality.


When Kconfig is used
-------------
Select the panel in Kconfig "Panel Selection".

When Package is used
-------------
Modify `DEMO_PANEL` in mcux_config.h.
`#define DEMO_PANEL 0` for "MikroE TFT Proto 5" CAPACITIVE FlexIO panel.
`#define DEMO_PANEL 1` for "RK055HDMIPI4M" MIPI Rectangular panel.
`#define DEMO_PANEL 3` for "G1120B0MIPI" MIPI Circular panel.
`#define DEMO_PANEL 4` for "RK055MHD091A0-CTG MIPI Rectangular panel.(default)

To use DBI panels: SSD1963 and RM67162, below change is needed:
```
#define CONFIG_LV_USE_PRIVATE_API 1
```

Running the demo
===============
If this example runs correctly, the sample GUI is displayed.
NOTE: As the example is designed for rectangle display, if you use RM67162 circular panel, the content at the
corners will not be seen.
