_boards/evkmimx8ulp/driver_examples/pxp/copy_pic/example_board_readme.md, before:

Hardware requirements
=====================
- Micro USB cable
- MIMX8ULP-EVK/EVK9 board
- J-Link Debug Probe
- 5V power supply
- RK055AHD091(rm68200) panel or RK055MHD091(hx8394) panel

Board settings
============
Connect the MIPI panel to MIMX8ULP-EVK board J18.

Prepare the Demo
===============
1.  Connect 5V power supply and J-Link Debug Probe to the board, switch SW10 to power on the board.
2.  Connect a micro USB cable between the host PC and the J17 USB port on the target board.
3.  Open a serial terminal with the following settings:
    - 115200 baud rate
    - 8 data bits
    - No parity
    - One stop bit
    - No flow control
4.  Build example to generate sdk20-app.bin
Note: 
  RK055MHD091 panel is used by default, to use the RK055AHD091 panel, modifications as below:
    - change "#define DEMO_PANEL DEMO_PANEL_RK055MHD091" to "#define DEMO_PANEL MIPI_PANEL_RK055AHD091" in display_support.h
5.  Generate flash.bin with imx-mkimage and download it according to Getting Started doc
6.  Open two serials lines provided at J17 USB port.
    (e.g. /dev/ttyUSB0~3, /dev/ttyUSB2 for A Core, /dev/ttyUSB3 for M Core)
7.  Press the reset button on your board and boot to uboot and let uboot not using diplay peripherals
    => setenv video_off yes;saveenv
    then re-power on the board
8.  Let Stop in Uboot.

Running the demo
================
When the example runs, the screen shows what described in overview.
The log below shows the output of the demo in the terminal window:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
PXP picture copy example start...
Copy from (0, 0) in input image to (10, 20) in output image, size: (16, 8)

PXP picture copy example success...
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Commit message:

[MCUX-74157]Add panel selection code for IMX8ULP related platforms
- Code fix for evkmimx8ulp and evk9mimx8ulp platform pxp function
- Updated readme for pxp panel setting

Signed-off-by: RuoshanShi <ruoshan.shi@nxp.com>

_boards/evkmimx8ulp/driver_examples/pxp/copy_pic/example_board_readme.md, after:

Hardware requirements
=====================
- Micro USB cable
- MIMX8ULP-EVK/EVK9 board
- J-Link Debug Probe
- 5V power supply
- RK055AHD091(rm68200) panel or RK055MHD091(hx8394) panel

Board settings
============
Connect the MIPI panel to MIMX8ULP-EVK board J18.

Prepare the Demo
===============
1.  Connect 5V power supply and J-Link Debug Probe to the board, switch SW10 to power on the board.
2.  Connect a micro USB cable between the host PC and the J17 USB port on the target board.
3.  Open a serial terminal with the following settings:
    - 115200 baud rate
    - 8 data bits
    - No parity
    - One stop bit
    - No flow control
4.  Build example to generate sdk20-app.bin
5.  Generate flash.bin with imx-mkimage and download it according to Getting Started doc
6.  Open two serials lines provided at J17 USB port.
    (e.g. /dev/ttyUSB0~3, /dev/ttyUSB2 for A Core, /dev/ttyUSB3 for M Core)
7.  Press the reset button on your board and boot to uboot and let uboot not using diplay peripherals
    => setenv video_off yes;saveenv
    then re-power on the board
8.  Let Stop in Uboot.

Steps to configure the panels
===============
RK055MHD091 panel is used by default and the default setting for APP_DISPLAY_EXTERNAL_CONVERTOR is disabled.

When Kconfig is used
----------------
Below setting is for kconfig, you can fix below settings in prj.conf under example folder
For default panel, you do not need to change anything.
For RK055AHD091(rm68200) panel:
CONFIG_MCUX_PRJSEG_module.board.display_support.RK055AHD091=y

When package is used
----------------
Below setting is for mcux_config.h.
For RK055AHD091(rm68200) panel:
Setting DEMO_PANEL to 0 to choose RK055AHD091 panel.

Running the demo
================
When the example runs, the screen shows what described in overview.
The log below shows the output of the demo in the terminal window:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
PXP picture copy example start...
Copy from (0, 0) in input image to (10, 20) in output image, size: (16, 8)

PXP picture copy example success...
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
