_boards/mimxrt700evk/driver_examples/pngdec/example_board_readme.md, before:

Hardware requirements
===================
- Micro USB cable
- TFT Proto 5" CAPACITIVE board HW REV 1.01 by Mikroelektronika. (Named as SSD1963 panel in project. Not necessary if use MIPI panel)
- MIMXRT700-EVK
- Personal Computer
- RK055AHD091 MIPI panel (Not necessary if use other panel)
- RK055MHD091 MIPI panel (Not necessary if use other panel)
- RaspberryPi Panel (Not necessary if use other panel)

Board settings
============
To use SSD1963 panel:
Connect SSD1963 panel to J4.

To use MIPI panel:
Connect MIPI panel to J52.

To use Raspberry panel:
Connect the panel to J8. Then connect the panel's 5V pin to JP43-1, GND pin to JP43-2.

Prepare the Demo
===============
The demo use SSD1963 panel by default, to use MIPI RK055AHD091 panel, change the macro
DEMO_PANEL to DEMO_PANEL_RK055AHD091 in display_support.h.
To use MIPI RK055MHD091 panel, change the macro DEMO_PANEL to DEMO_PANEL_RK055MHD091
in display_support.h. To use RaspberryPi, change the macro DEMO_PANEL to
DEMO_PANEL_RASPI_7INCH in display_support.h.

1.  Connect a micro USB cable between the PC host and the CMSIS DAP USB port (J54) on the board
2.  Open a serial terminal with the following settings:
    - 115200 baud rate
    - 8 data bits
    - No parity
    - One stop bit
    - No flow control
3.  Download the program to the target board.
4.  Launch the debugger in your IDE to begin running the demo.

Running the demo
================
When the example runs, the screen shows what described in overview.

Commit message:

MCUX-74462 Update jpegdec and pngdec example readme
The panel shall be selected in mcux_config.h, not in display_support.h.

Signed-off-by: Kate Wang <yumeng.wang@nxp.com>

_boards/mimxrt700evk/driver_examples/pngdec/example_board_readme.md, after:

Hardware requirements
===================
- Micro USB cable
- TFT Proto 5" CAPACITIVE board HW REV 1.01 by Mikroelektronika. (Named as SSD1963 panel in project. Not necessary if use MIPI panel)
- MIMXRT700-EVK
- Personal Computer
- RK055AHD091 MIPI panel (Not necessary if use other panel)
- RK055MHD091 MIPI panel (Not necessary if use other panel)
- RaspberryPi Panel (Not necessary if use other panel)

Board settings
============
To use SSD1963 panel:
Connect SSD1963 panel to J4.

To use MIPI panel:
Connect MIPI panel to J52.

To use Raspberry panel:
Connect the panel to J8. Then connect the panel's 5V pin to JP43-1, GND pin to JP43-2.

Prepare the Demo
===============
The demo use SSD1963 panel by default, to use other panel,
change the macro DEMO_PANEL in mcux_config.h. Which number represents which panel
can be found in display_support.h.

1.  Connect a micro USB cable between the PC host and the CMSIS DAP USB port (J54) on the board
2.  Open a serial terminal with the following settings:
    - 115200 baud rate
    - 8 data bits
    - No parity
    - One stop bit
    - No flow control
3.  Download the program to the target board.
4.  Launch the debugger in your IDE to begin running the demo.

Running the demo
================
When the example runs, the screen shows what described in overview.
