_boards/imx95lp4xevk15/driver_examples/dpu/warp/example_board_readme.md, before:

Hardware requirements
=====================
- Micro USB cable
- IMX95LP4XEVK-15 board
- J-Link Debug Probe
- 12V~20V power supply
- MIPI DSI panel
- Personal Computer

Board settings
==============
For MIPI DSI panel(1080*2340), connect MINISAS DSI port J20 to panel.
For MIPI2HDMI card(1920*1080), connect MINISAS DSI port J20 to card.

Prepare the Demo
================
1.  Connect 12V power supply and J-Link Debug Probe to the board, switch SW5 to power on the board.
2.  Connect a micro USB cable between the host PC and the J31 USB port on the cpu board.
3.  Open a serial terminal with the following settings:
    - 115200 baud rate
    - 8 data bits
    - No parity
    - One stop bit
    - No flow control
4.  Download the program to the target board.
5.  Launch the debugger in your IDE to begin running the example.

Tips: The APP_DISPLAY_EXTERNAL_CONVERTOR can be set as 1 when you are using MIPI2HDMI card(ADV7535) only.

In this function, the default port is MIPI DSI port. If you want to change panel, please change as below in dpu_example.h
#define DPU_DI_MIPI     1
#define DPU_DI_LVDS     0
#define DPU_EXAMPLE_DI DPU_DI_MIPI
#define MX8_DSI_OLED2   1 (for MIPI DSI panel) or #define MIPI2HDMI   1 (for ADV7535)

Running the demo
================
When the example runs successfully, you can see the rectangles and diamonds
shown in the screen.

Commit message:

[MCUX-74157]Add panel selection code for imx95lp4xevk15
- Code fix for imx95lp4xevk15 platform display function
- Updated readme for dpu panel setting
- Correct ISI example display setting

Signed-off-by: RuoshanShi <ruoshan.shi@nxp.com>

_boards/imx95lp4xevk15/driver_examples/dpu/warp/example_board_readme.md, after:

Hardware requirements
=====================
- Micro USB cable
- IMX95LP4XEVK-15 board
- J-Link Debug Probe
- 12V~20V power supply
- MIPI DSI panel
- Personal Computer

Board settings
==============
For MIPI DSI panel(1080*2340), connect MINISAS DSI port J20 to panel.
For MIPI2HDMI card(1920*1080), connect MINISAS DSI port J20 to card.

Prepare the Demo
================
1.  Connect 12V power supply and J-Link Debug Probe to the board, switch SW5 to power on the board.
2.  Connect a micro USB cable between the host PC and the J31 USB port on the cpu board.
3.  Open a serial terminal with the following settings:
    - 115200 baud rate
    - 8 data bits
    - No parity
    - One stop bit
    - No flow control
4.  Download the program to the target board.
5.  Launch the debugger in your IDE to begin running the example.

Steps to configure the panels
===============
Default panel is MIPI DSI panel, default port is DPU_DI_MIPI, default setting for APP_DISPLAY_EXTERNAL_CONVERTOR is disabled
Tips: The APP_DISPLAY_EXTERNAL_CONVERTOR can be set as 1 when you are using MIPI2HDMI card(ADV7535) only.

When Kconfig is used
----------------
Below setting is for kconfig, you can fix below settings in dpu/warp/cm7/prj.conf
For default MIPI DSI panel, you do not need to change anything.
For MIPI2HDMI card(1920*1080):
CONFIG_MCUX_PRJSEG_module.board.display_support.DPU_DI_MIPI=y
CONFIG_APP_DISPLAY_EXTERNAL_CONVERTOR=y
CONFIG_MCUX_PRJSEG_module.board.display_support.MIPI2HDMI=y

When package is used
----------------
Below setting is for mcux_config.h.
Setting DEMO_PANEL to MIPI2HDMI to use MIPI2HDMI card(1920*1080), you need to set DPU_EXAMPLE_DI to DPU_DI_MIPI.
And you also need to set APP_DISPLAY_EXTERNAL_CONVERTOR to 1.
For default MIPI DSI panel, you do not need to change anything.

Running the demo
================
When the example runs successfully, you can see the rectangles and diamonds
shown in the screen.
